Run into the tunnel.
You have to go as fast as you can.
You can trust me.
It's real.
Full speed, Kevin.
Into the wall.
The tunnel, I mean.
Six years back, I asked one question.
I never got an answer from anyone.
Do you know anyone that died from COVID?
It's the fog of antibodies war, the procrastination of the fall of the dollar.
You're getting fuked up.
I don't know what that means, dude.
From where I'm sitting, there's a whole bunch of COVID brain going around.
Do I know anyone that died from a heart attack?
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario.
Happy birthday to you.
Hey, what the hell is G-code?
I don't know what G-code is.
Can somebody explain what G-code is?
I just have that up there, like, to represent the collecting of genomes.
I don't know what G-code is.
Oh, so they're just 3D coordinates.
That's kind of cool.
I didn't know that.
Well, nice.
So can you just see the mill head moving around in 3D space when that goes by?
Like you just can't stop visualizing the... All the liquid being shot and whatever.
Hey, happy birthday, Cheryl.
Just wanted to say that from Pittsburgh to you.
Happy birthday.
Thanks for taking care of my really good friend.
Yeah, CNC is really cool actually.
You know, I met a guy in college who was gonna be a mold maker because in the nineties, the way we made all the stuff we throw away was with molds and mold makers and selling molds and stuff.
Apparently like the mold for toys and stuff like that is a really valuable piece of,
of steel and so anyway uh welcome to the show everybody happy birthday Cheryl um i i don't know where my levels are i can't really hear very well i gotta turn that up a little bit there we go i can hear it better now um let me see what was i gonna do for an opening i think i was just gonna go for a flash
Yes, that's correct.
Good morning, everybody.
Welcome to the show.
What a long, strange trip it's been.
One of my friends is at HHS.
One of my friends is at NIH.
And a bunch of my colleagues and people that have messed with my family are actually behind them, which is really remarkable.
I managed to take a selfie with a lot of these creeps because they were trying to absorb me for many years.
That's how I got so close to them.
That's why they're so happy in some of these pictures.
because some of them are actually unwitting participants in this fake anti-vaxx movement, this fake health freedom movement that has been set up by the DNC to make Trump look like some kind of real guy, when in reality it's just all one big theater and these actors were put in place
to curate a narrative to make sure any damage from transfection that's the covid vaccine that they would never call what it's supposed to be called was a transfection that the damage from that could be blamed effectively on the novel virus that's one of the reasons why all of these people
were dancing around the spike protein for so long.
Jessica Rose, Kevin McCairn, Richard Fleming, all these clowns.
It was one big bad theater.
One of the best ways to see this ridiculous theater is to pay attention to the guy in the upper right.
He's got a wonderful podcast.
He spends his time giving the mic to the most important patriots in America, including
the 5 post-secondary degree having Jessica Rose, and the wizard of the Human Genome Project himself, Kevin McKernan, who I am declaring as one of the biggest traitors in American history, at least in the American history that I've lived through.
And I will spend the rest of my life trying to explain why that's correct.
I think you can find a lot of really good information at houstatonicits.com.
That is one of the best sort of conglomerations of an archive that there exists on the internet.
Anybody that's ignoring that and instead pushing Whitney Webb's books or, I don't know, some story about a guy
A guy with mice in his basement needs some help.
I'm gonna try and get Ned to make a book with me.
And really it is them.
They created the illusion of consensus by sticking to that limited spectrum of debate.
They being these guys.
These are some of the primary problems in America right now.
It's all one spectacular commitment to lies.
That's really how they do it.
Maybe I should just...
Drop in another thing here.
It's a spectacular commitment to lies.
The lies about antibodies and how they block the spike protein.
Lies about a transfection and how the transfection, if it's injected in the right place, will spit a bunch of RNA out and that RNA will find its way to a dendritic cell.
and the dendritic cell will pick up the mRNA and know exactly what to do with it you know because that's what dendritic cells do they follow uh lipid nanoparticle cased RNA instructions um and and and so here's a cartoon showing you that and it's absurd because of course the real reason why we are here is because gain of function
and virology and public health crises are a mythology that they still need us to teach to our children.
They still need us to accept this mythology and to pass it on to our children.
Otherwise, their whole trap won't work.
It's a multi-generational trap.
And these people were put in place to make sure our kids, our kids would accept a narrative about a novel virus
and that any damage from the last five years is a human folly, mistakes made, but not the transfection.
In fact, the goal that these people have is to make transfection a replacement for what will soon be declared a not-so-perfect vaccine schedule.
And they will admit this.
They are going to admit this.
That's part of the plan.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the show.
This is GigaOM Biological High Resistance Low Noise Information Brief brought to you by a biologist.
It's the 6th of May, 2025.
May Pym Fortayin rest in peace.
RNA cannot pandemic.
Intramuscular injections are dumb.
Transfection is a crime.
And the population pyramid is a real problem that they are managing right now.
If you want to support this stream, please go to GigaOMBiological.com and find a way to do it.
If you want to be notified by my wife before this stuff goes on, please send an email to GigaOMHQ at proton.me.
And you should get a notification around an hour, a half an hour, or 15 minutes before I go on.
And if you want to share this stuff, please go to stream.gigaohm.bio and do it there.
If you want to communicate with me, of course, hit me by email or go to gigaohm.bio and communicate with all of us.
Those last two links there.
um these last two links right there are our own social media it's decentralized federalized social media those are github available codes that you you too could make your own soapbox you too can make your own um
Peertube instance and that Peertube instance will be followable on an app like Mastodon or something like that And I thought I would show that to you because I don't know if people are aware of that And so I'm gonna pull my phone down now and just take the risk that that cameras on and it's of course It's not because I'm charging my headphones Plug this in I apologize For the seemingly
Amateur hour here, but I don't have a crew so you know when I do this stuff I got to fire up this one-man band all by myself and sometimes I forget to turn on the GoPro Okay, so you have a phone like I have a phone you might not have pretty kids on the front like I do But I do want you to see that there is this app and if you see it right there this app right there It's called Mastodon and Mastodon is just kind of like
It's just kind of like Twitter or something like that.
It's just the difference is you have to figure out what you're following.
So you can be on any server in the universe.
And this music is going to fade even farther away.
I apologize for not being such a great DJ there.
Let me test this.
But what you can do, of course, once you realize how the following is going, that you'll get a notification whenever I go live because it'll just pop up in here.
Now, I don't see it at the moment, so I guess, you know, it's a little slow.
You'll get a link though, and this link will be to the latest show.
Now it's not going to be perfect because I don't maintain that.
It just sends you the same picture all the time and it tells you when it's live.
But that link is the right link.
So even though it's going to give you that, right?
It's always the same thumbnail because PeerTube is kind of a weird thing that I haven't played around with too much.
I change the thumbnail after I present.
And sometimes I don't do it until the next morning like today.
Um, so let me just, yeah.
Um, so, uh, with regard to how to follow on the soapbox, how to follow, you can follow the peer tube instance, and you can also follow this, the soapbox instance, all by following those at, you know, giga ohm, whatever, whatever, or in the case of me on, on, um,
So that's that one right there.
See that?
That's me on the soapbox.
At JJCooey at GigaOM.bio.
And so if you follow that on Mastodon from a server in Austria, it might be a little slow, but you'll eventually get the stuff that I put there.
And it's not perfect.
I know it's not perfect.
But you can...
you know, load things like this.
When you load me, then it'll go there and it'll find all the things that I did.
So it's, again, we can make this as beautiful and as free as we want.
It's just a question of how many people are willing to invest in it.
How many people
are really genuinely interested in building a free internet, because if you resign to putting your stuff on Rumble, your stuff on YouTube, your stuff on BitChute, your stuff all over the place, that might work, but it always leaves you behind their programming.
8-ball and more importantly it leaves our followers in the lurch because if you're on YouTube and you watch me and over here on this side are the most tempting thumbnails that the YouTube algorithm can put there based on your previous viewing then the odds of one little dead space getting a click one little oh I don't like this guy getting a click is very very high
And more importantly, them finding me again on the same platform is almost zero, of course, because now the algorithm is scoring me as, oh, you don't really like him.
And so you've got to see, we will never escape this trap, and more importantly, our children will never escape this trap, if we allow our children to grow up and to build their adult world network on these platforms.
So I'm trying to think in longer time horizons, and this is the thing that I see.
I need to encourage my kids to build their own peer tubes and to link them together.
I need to encourage high schools to build their own peer tube and then link them together with other high schools, which will also show their students
that representing the school on YouTube is fine, but we can also have our own instance that our own IT department can take care of, that our students can manage and learn programming while following the GitHub.
We must take back control of this medium, which at its start was free, and now because we've acquiesced to using their platforms, their social media, we will never escape.
It's impossible.
That's the trick.
I really think we've got to do it.
That's why GigaOM is doing it in both ways.
And that's why we're going to continue to do it.
And at some point, some of our stuff on our streams are only going to be available here for the simple statement that, you know, this is what we're paying for.
This is why we're paying for it.
Because we don't want people to be going to YouTube to find us.
We don't want people to go to Twitch.
As good as Twitch has been for me, because I can do whatever I want there, Twitch is a absolutely awful place to bring your kids for what exists there, for what people do for streaming there.
It's really not what we want our children to be spending their time on, but it is a place where I can stream a live stream, and so I do.
Welcome to the show.
What the hell was that?
I don't know what happened there.
Hold on one second.
There is an auto transition that we do not want.
Okay, so what we've got here... Hello, hello, hello.
What you doing?
Did I not put it in yet?
Oh, I didn't put it in yet.
Oh, great.
So I got to insert this.
Hold on one second.
Still making slide deck.
That's why it moved so quick.
Let's see.
Would that be in the 4k?
No, it's back there.
Yeah, that's where I was.
Come up.
That one.
Send playback automatically.
Format.
Send to the back.
Slideshow.
Current slide.
Welcome to the show, everybody.
This is Giga Home Biological.
I want to start with a video from 2007 to remind you of the connections that, to remind you of the connections that, that
Jeffrey Sachs has to people like Peter Hotez to the UN for how long?
The 21st century is to improve global health.
Life expectancy is 78 years in the United States, but the average newborn will not make it to 40 in some of the world's poorest countries.
There are many reasons for this disparity.
Infectious diseases kill millions of people throughout the third world each year.
Malaria claims up to 3 million lives every year and infects up to 650 million people.
HIV-AIDS also kills 3 million every year.
And 90 percent of these cases are in developing countries.
Neglected tropical diseases like hookworm and yellow fever also cause an enormous burden that only the poorest have to bear.
Many of the leading killers have been contained in first world countries and are easily treatable.
The problem of global health is not only a matter of disease and medicine.
Issues of poverty, infrastructure, and the environment are all inseparable.
Fortunately, more funding than ever is being devoted to this fight.
Some progress has been made.
Vaccines and other technologies are being developed that could one day eliminate the worst diseases.
Also, mortality of children under five has dipped below 10 million a year for the first time since a statistic
So this is 2007.
This is Charlie Rose.
This is somebody that a lot of, let's say, older adults watched, mature adults watched, voting adults watched.
And it was thought to be a very smart and insightful program.
And it was one of the few ways where the narrative could be set and controlled.
And so it was a very, very important TV show at the time.
And in 2007, you can clearly hear it.
They're talking about solving world hunger and they're talking about solving disease in the third world, primarily with vaccines.
They're not gonna be talking about clean water and sanitation directly, you know, like toilets and proper water treatment and not getting poop in your mouth.
These are all things that are so important.
Understand that even in America, if you just started to regularly not wash your hands and regularly touch things and put them in your mouth, touch stuff and put it in your mouth, walk through the subway and put it in your mouth, go into the bathroom and touch everything and then put that hand into your mouth, eventually you would get something.
You would have a stomach infection of some kind where your microbiome would be thrown off, where you'd get diarrhea.
You could get any number of parasites, like Giardia.
Understand that simply having reliable clean water, not having to make it, having reliable clean water in which to bathe and the soap to bathe with,
having washing machines for our clothes, having toilets with water in them.
This is a huge, huge advance from shitting in a bucket.
And people don't really understand how technologically speaking, a water-filled toilet can keep poop out of your mouth.
It's a remarkable thing.
that the biology of this illusion is so very, very simple.
And it is only a spectacular commitment to the lie, to the mythology, to the big story that has allowed this narrative to be given to us, that we grew up believing in this.
That's how magical this is.
And as easily as we were raised to believe it, we can raise our children to understand that lie.
but it's gonna require a little history and a little biology and a little reading.
has been recorded.
But for now, large scale improvement remains theoretical.
Joining me now are four experts in the field of global health.
Jeffrey Sachs is director of the Earth Institute at Columbia University.
Until 2006, he was director of the United... So he's at Columbia University where Mary Holland is at the time, and Mary Holland will kind of sort of burn her faculty position at the University of Columbia to become the fake anti-vax queen of America.
That's gonna happen about five years after this, right?
Columbia, where his wife also works.
His wife is named Sonia Ehrlich and she is the most...
frequent author of a guy by the name of Peter Hotez.
I don't know if you know who that is.
The Nation's Millennium Project.
Tanya Villafana is the director of the Portfolio Management System at the Malaria Vaccine Initiative.
Her organization recently announced a successful trial vaccine for malaria.
And Veneman is the executive director of UNICEF.
Peter Hotez is the president of the Sabin Vaccine Institute.
He is an expert on neglected tropical diseases.
And once again, my co- And the father of an autistic child.
Our host is Sir Paul Nurse.
He is a 2001 Nobel Laureate in Physiology or Medicine and the President of Rockefeller University.
The President of Rockefeller University used to be Joshua Lederberg, a wonderful book with an interesting title, Genes, Germs, and Medicine, The Life of Joshua Lederberg by Jan Sopp.
See if you can find this book in your local library.
I've been reading this.
This is magnificent.
Get ready, ladies and gentlemen, by new biology 101 ain't screwing around.
I used to have all of them here for this conversation.
Let me just start with this issue.
I mean, what is the state today of global health and how do we measure?
So Paul nurse is from the UK working with Jeffrey Sachs to lay down a narrative about public health that can be used 10 years later to destroy America.
And the plan is to put a few people in the government that will be privy to this plan and understand exactly how America would need to be undermined using public health, discrediting the FDA through 10 years of corruption, and then putting a guy in there who's connected to the foundation of the FDA by his father.
That plan to get Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
as close to the White House or in the White House as possible is gonna be laid out in a book just one year after this video.
A book titled, Don't Start the Revolution Without Me by Jesse Ventura, published by Skyhorse Publishing.
In the epilogue of this book, Bobby Kennedy as an independent presidential candidate ends up helping Jesse Ventura win.
And then Jesse Ventura gets shot
And Robert F. Kennedy Jr., I guess, becomes president and saves the world.
It'd be really weird, right, if Jeffrey Sachs was like a good buddy of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and also was like the head of the Lancet Commission for COVID and also kind of talked with Peter Daszak and all these people and believes that they're real and also like is a good buddy of all the people at the UN and is the most frequent speaker at the Vatican.
That would be super weird if it was 2007 when he's on with some UK guy
talking about the same thing on charlie rose when
You know, Charlie, this is a very interesting problem because it's so multifaceted.
It's, of course, a medical problem.
We have these major diseases you just listed, malaria, TB, AIDS, for example.
We have some idea of how we may treat them.
But we know that there's new ways we can develop.
So part of this is a scientific problem.
Part of it's a medical problem.
So we could clean up the water.
We could give them toilets.
make sanitation we could also vaccinate them i mean we could use them as experimental animals and and squirt them full of shit and see what happens we could sequence them you know and can use all these different populations the same and it could be a really great opportunity all right or we could you know
give them better food, teach them some agriculture, help them build an infrastructure so that they don't get so much poop in their mouth.
But nah, why would we do that when we could use them as experimental animals for decades and tell everybody that the earth and mother nature is trying to kill them?
But part of it is also a straightforward health economic problem and how we apply that in the developing world, because it is different, quite different circumstances to how it is in the United States.
And I don't think we always fully understand the sort of drivers
that we have to appreciate if we're going to sort out this problem.
And then there's a third issue, which is all to do with even if we actually solved the scientific, the medical problems, if we worked out the economics, how do we actually deliver that on the ground?
I mean, with the infrastructures often in very weakened conditions.
So I think we have to think about this with a range of issues
Not simply a scientific one, not simply an economic one, not simply a developing one on the ground.
Because it's not a simple thing to convince the earth that intramuscular injection is a good idea.
It's not a simple thing at all.
So we're going to have to find lots of ways to demonstrate that intramuscular injection is essentially medicine.
One of the ways to do it would be to work in the third world.
and not to fix the water problem, not to fix the sanitation problem, but to use intramuscular injection to fix the problem.
And as long as you do them in the right order, essentially you could give them clean water in a couple of years and say it was the vaccines.
And it's not that dissimilar to what happens in Africa.
It's not that dissimilar to what Luke Montagnier was arguing when he would argue with Tony Fauci that, you know, when you give them clean water, you show them a little agriculture and you make sure that they don't get so much poop in their mouth.
It tends to, you know, kind of make the AIDS go away.
Whatever it was or is.
Luke knew the truth.
Luke also knew that he couldn't tell the truth.
And that's why he's still being used today.
That's why CHD is still waving a flag with Luke's face on it.
Because they don't want you to know that Luke Montagnier knew the truth.
They want you to think that Luke Montagnier knew the truth about prions.
I'd like to get a sense of that overall picture.
I wonder if Geoffrey could kick us off with just putting it all in perspective for us.
Well, thanks, Paul.
I thought both summaries were perfect, that we're making a lot of progress.
So this is not a spontaneous conversation.
This is a scripted conversation.
So I wonder if Geoffrey could start reading his lines now, is what Paul Nurse, the Nobel Prize laureate, said.
should look up what he won a Nobel Prize on.
An amazing amount of disease and death that still occurs every year that just could be controlled massively if we put our attention to it.
So the good news is, as you said, Charlie, that the number of children under the age of five who are dying every year of infection
has dipped below 10 million.
That's good news because in 1990 it was about 13 million deaths and it's come down even though the numbers of children have gone up because of population growth.
So that sounds good but on the other hand all of a sudden you think 10 million children dying of things like malaria or measles
or other infections, diarrheal disease or respiratory infection that can be controlled by an antibiotic or a vaccine or something as simple as a bed net or a dose of anti-malaria medicine.
Now keep in mind, Jeffrey Sachs, in my humble opinion, is there to present the best of the ideas in a way that doesn't really reveal their plan.
They don't plan to give out bed nets before they give out injections.
They don't plan to clean up the water before they give out injections.
They don't plan to do anything else before they give out injections.
And he knows that.
Hotez knows that.
They all know that.
Wonderful thing is we have these powerful technologies and we see in many parts of the world that these diseases have gotten completely under control.
And at the same time, we have nearly 10 million deaths per year of young children from what should be completely controllable causes.
And what Paul says is really the point.
The deaths are occurring in places
Mark is in the chat.
Hello, Mark.
I just mentioned that about five minutes ago.
The wife of Jeffrey Sachs is indeed the most frequent co-author of Peter Hotez.
Her name is Sonia Ehrlich Sachs.
I have a slide coming up in a little while.
This is of extreme poverty.
So we have to face the basic question.
How do you have our powerful techniques like vaccines or medicines or bed nets reach the poorest of the poor because they can't afford them on their own, their government.
And Sonia is also a professor at Columbia for sustainable development or some crazy shit like that.
are also impoverished because they try to collect taxes from people who have no money.
And so the question is, can the rich world and the poor world work together to solve this problem?
The rich world and the poor world working together to solve problems is code for globalism and the UN.
So why are we doing this?
Why is he there already in 2007?
You can watch that whole thing if you look it up on Housatonic ITS.
You can find that video on YouTube because Mark has archived it also on Rumble and on Peertube.
So you know, anyway, I don't want to watch that whole one.
I have another video in mind and I do have to get off before 12 because I have an interview with Dan Cohen today.
This is for the Human Genome Project.
That's why we have a fake anti-vax movement.
That's why Jeffrey Sachs was back there all that long ago.
That's why they've recruited Peter Hotez all that long ago.
And you can see it clearly.
What's really frightening is you can see it clearly.
Number one, watch for all the fakes.
There's Polly.
She is an absolute fake.
Where?
That's Katherine Austin Fitz.
Not good.
um where are we going there's mike eden not good oh yeah not good not good oh not good oh my gosh i mean really really is it not obvious now
What we're dealing with here, this is in 2022.
At this time, I am working for Bobby to write the book.
I am now a scientific consultant for Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
in this 22 video.
Just so you know.
Yeah, just so you know.
Center for Sustainable Development at Columbia University.
He's the president of the United Nations Sustainable Development Solutions Network.
He's the winner of the 2015 Blue Planet Prize, a bestselling author and a chairman of the Lancet's COVID-19 Commission.
The commission was announced as I recall, I think in June of 2020 by Richard.
That's right.
And then your joining the commission happened in November 2020.
And you assembled a task force for the prestigious medical journal, 190 year old medical journal to determine the origins of COVID-19.
I mean, you hand selected, I think, a number of them, of the commissioners.
OK, so I just want to stop it here for a second.
I am going to play this video for a little while so that we can discuss what he says.
But I want to put it into context why I think this video is so vital to understand.
What I am trying to say, what I want everyone to understand when I'm broadcasting to the earth is that America is currently being undermined from within.
We are being undermined by a fake anti-vax movement.
And that fake anti-vax movement is essentially the Human Genome Project.
It's essentially a group of meddlers, most of them from the Democratic Party or from the left who have previously worked in the Obama administration or in the Clinton administration.
These operatives, like Robert Malone, like Merrill Nass, like Kevin McKernan, these operatives are responsible for curating a narrative
that is very beneficial to the Human Genome Project, very beneficial to the collecting of medical data for the goals of the Human Genome Project by design, because that is a national security priority under the Department of Energy.
These actors were put in place to make sure that transfection, when it was rolled out under the guise of an investigational vaccine, would be
free from blame and that a novel virus would instead be blamed for the damage that was done or the selection of the spike protein from the novel virus that is the damage that was done.
And very specifically, people like Robert F. Kennedy Jr., like probably Wolfgang Wodach, Mike Eden,
Peter McCullough, Sukrit Bhakti, and Thomas Binder, any of those people were real in 2020.
They would need to be the focus of these people's attention in order to make sure that their skepticism in 2020 was aimed at something relatively harmless.
As long as Wolfgang Wodach is not heard at all and nobody talks to him, it's fine.
And that's what they did.
As long as Mike Eden stays focused on natural immunity and overlap with other coronaviruses, then at least the novel virus will be accepted and we'll just censor him.
As long as Peter McCullough is focused on VAERS and focused on cardiac and focused on hydroxychloroquine, that means there's also a virus.
So that's fine.
We'll just keep him on narrative.
If Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is focused on human rights and free speech and lockdowns being totalitarian, then he's also accepting the novel virus.
And so that's totally fine.
And we need these people to make sure that he never gets past that.
Same with Thomas Binder.
He was willing to go to a freaking insane asylum to try and save his country.
And so for sure, he is now being ignored by all these people because he says there's no virus.
He believes that RNA cannot pandemic.
He knows that we've got it right.
And Sukrit Bhakti was even brought on a stream with me specifically to say that RNA cannot pandemic.
And since we've decided that, we don't need to talk about it anymore.
Again, likely directed by somebody attached to these people.
And he's also been in jail.
He also knows that he can't just say what he wants to say.
The only reason why I can say what I want to say is because I didn't sign an NDA when CHD fired me.
and offered me $8,000 to sign an NDA.
That's why I can call Mary Holland out.
I can call Meryl Nass out.
I can call this book out as an elaborate hoax written by more than 10 people, for goodness sakes.
Ladies and gentlemen,
We are in big trouble in America and we need help.
We need to come together and understand that the right, the conservative right in America has been hijacked by these people.
And it could be that because these people aren't sophisticated enough, they've been put under too much pressure that they don't really understand it.
But you need to come to the place where you can accept that some of them do.
At least,
two or three of those people understand that they're telling a story, but that's how we govern these people.
And so they're fine with it.
If you see it how I see it, then you really have Clinton and then Obama and Biden, Obama and Biden and Trump, which is really just Clinton and Biden, and then Trump, which is really just the Clinton again.
It's just all one big show, ladies and gentlemen.
And at the heart of it is a fake anti-vax movement that has its roots in the UK with Andrew Wakefield and Polly Tommy and Paul Shattuck and Brian Deere.
It's all one show.
And they recycled it and amplified it over here.
And just like in the UK, where it was worth 6 million votes in America, it was worth millions of votes.
And they knew that.
And they put it all behind one guy named Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
That's why you've never heard of her.
And that's why she is working for CHD.
That's why she is on Joe Rogan, not saying it.
Not saying that intramuscular injection is dumb or that RNA cannot pandemic, or that we should just stop.
And that's because she's on their team.
You can see it in this video.
She's not comfortable being called a hero by Brandy because she knows that she's working against Brandy, just like Polly knows that she's working against Brandy.
And that's why they've never said her name.
A couple of very busy weeks for you, right?
Yeah, very much so.
I showed you that instead they promote this guy who knew all about the lab leak, all about the fear and cleavage site in February of 2020 because he's on the same team briefed by narrative curators Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan.
That's why he pronounced COVID, COVID for so long, like the only other guy on earth who said it that way, Robert Malone.
And so we have been doing a show about this, trying to teach people the issue at hand.
My name is Jonathan Cooey.
This is Gigaohm Biological.
The most important thing that I can ask you to do is to try and keep your eyes clean.
And think of your mind as an eyeball, or two eyeballs.
And you would not let the tiniest little hair, speck of dust, or sand into your eye.
And you need to think of this whole day, and this whole year to come, and the rest of your life, as your mind being an eyeball.
And social media is like some kind of, it's sand and dust and wind and dry air and pollen.
And every time you go like this, you're just flicking it in your eye and now you've got to get it out.
Oh yeah, I got it.
And then you do this.
And that's all it is.
You've got to get off social media and choose every single thing that you watch.
You gotta maybe build your own peer tube or build your own soapbox.
And for sure you have to start getting your friends to follow each other on an app like that.
And see if it works.
You gotta do it.
We need this now.
What a great idea, Mark.
I mean, if they did, that would be wonderful.
Ladies and gentlemen, my name's Jonathan Cooey.
You can find the work I did as an academic biologist by searching my last name and JJ on PubMed.
You can also find a lot of my work represented on the Woodhouse 76 sub stack written by Jessica Hockett and sometimes Jonathan Engler.
They usually use my arguments in a watered down sort of way to have fake conversations with Claire Craig or Pierre Corey.
Um, lately they're talking about there are no genuine vaccines.
Boy, that's a smart statement, isn't it?
There are no genuine vaccines.
What is a genuine vaccine?
Does it have a trademark on it or it really works?
What kind of bullshit is that?
Mike Eden should be ashamed of himself.
on his island in Cyprus or wherever the hell he lives.
And you know, faking that she's friends with Jay Bhattacharya, when we all know actually that the only guy who's had many barbecues with him in California over the last three years is really me, thanks to Greg Glassman, which is really nice.
I was happy to meet him.
He's a pleasant guy.
He's not exactly, you know, if you,
put a bunch of knives on the table.
He's not exactly the sharpest one, but whatever.
You know, NIH is not that big of a job.
This is GigaOM Biological High Resistance Low Noise Information Brief brought to you by a biologist where we are seeking the truth together.
Bob's a good buddy of mine.
Biology is the way indeed.
This is for all the grandchildren of Earth.
That's why we have a fake anti-vax movement in America.
And we need to understand it from the perspective of biology that Jeffrey Sachs doesn't understand.
Jeffrey Sachs understands evolution because DNA believes it, because this is the way to enslavement.
This is the way to all the marbles, in a sense.
But we need to understand that they've taken a background and told an elaborate mythology about it.
And the reason why they had to do that, ladies and gentlemen, is because, for real, intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
So they had to make up an elaborate mythology which justified it.
And we actually inherited part of that mythology from our parents, because that mythology has been going around for a long time.
but never like it's been going around now because now they have added a crucial step to the mythology, which is that they claim that they can test for this stuff with extremely high fidelity using a science on a background, which could never do that.
PCR, the way that they use it as a diagnostic, cannot pull a high-fidelity signal from the irreducibly complex background.
It simply cannot.
Yet there is an illusion of consensus around the world, through governments and bureaucracies, that these nonspecific tests are actually useful diagnostics.
And what that has done has created the illusion
When RNA cannot pandemic, an intramuscular injection is dumb.
And so that's why they had to tell you this lie and create this elaborate illusion using PCR to convince you that intramuscular injection works for something.
To get your children to accept transfection as a medicine.
This is no joke.
And so the heart of this, which is not, it's not questioned by Jessica Rose or Meryl Nass or Robert Malone or Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
or Jay Bhattacharya or Marty McCarty or President Donald Trump, that PCR works, that the ghosts are real and that there are Ghostbusters.
And one of the biggest Ghostbusters is Kevin McKernan.
This is where America is right now, where no one will admit that placebos have always made the vaccine schedule safe, and certainly made the rollout of transfection safe.
And none of them will touch the PCR test again.
Because by revisiting the PCR, we will revisit the FDA's role
to assure that medical devices are safe and effective, which they did not do for the PCR tests and still aren't doing because it is kind of an illusion of consensus that it worked for five years.
We must free our children from this trap.
Because our children that go to college are using their tests to find their ghosts and still believe that they are ghost busting when they do it.
RNA cannot pandemic intramuscular injection is dumb.
Transfecting healthy people is a crime and the population pyramid is a real problem.
In 2002, a guy by the name of Pim Fortuyn was killed in the Netherlands and I moved there about five months after it happened as a PhD student.
And so I heard from a lot of people what Pim Fortuyn meant to everyone in the Netherlands.
And maybe the most important thing in my humble opinion about Pim Fortuyn
He wanted out of the EU and the Euro.
Pim Fortuyn wanted out of the EU and the Euro and he was about to become the Prime Minister of the Netherlands in 2002.
And on May 6th, he was shot.
Just after the murder, the first people gather at the house of Pim Fortuyn at the GW Burgerplein in Rotterdam.
Some are planting flowers at the house.
The suspect, a 32-year-old man from Harderwijk, is an employee of Vereniging Milieu Offensief.
An action group that fights against bio-industry and bond-fuckery.
He remains silent until today.
So I know it's only one side at a time.
So they're explaining that this is the guy who killed him.
He's kind of an animal rights activist.
He doesn't like lab animal testing and stuff like that.
Now, the interesting thing is, is that Volker van de Graaff
is actually free in the Netherlands now.
He served his sentence, whatever it was, 10 years in prison for killing a politician that was about to be prime minister in cold blood on the street.
Although it's weird because there were two different kinds of bullets found in the guy.
It's almost like there were, you know, a guy to do it and then a guy to make sure that he did it.
I shit you not.
This happened five months before I moved to the Netherlands, so if you want to know why I was woken up, it was because of this.
Because I went over to the Netherlands knowing, or thinking in my head, that the euro was a trap.
that giving up the Gilder was a terrible idea because if you had 13 currencies, it would be a lot harder for a central bank of one of those to screw up or to ruin the rest of them.
But if you have one central bank for all of those countries, now you don't have control over your own monetary system.
That's bizarre.
And I thought a country as small as Holland that was trading with the world for so long would understand that as a central pillar of their sovereignty.
But they apparently didn't.
but Pim Fortuyn did and he got shot and that guy is now jogging free in the Netherlands he rides the train around and people make selfie videos where they call him a murderer and he has to live with that for the rest of his life but he's jogging around free in the Netherlands after having killed a guy that in a in a week would have been the prime minister think about that 2002
Harderwijk is an employee of Vereniging Milieu Offensief, an action group that fights against bio-industry and bond-fuckery.
He remains silent to this day.
In the city hall, a condolence register will be opened on the same evening.
It's important to understand that they didn't understand in the Netherlands how important he was until he was dead, because thousands of people came to Rotterdam to mourn him.
Our leader shot himself.
Democracy no longer exists in the Netherlands.
Democracy doesn't exist in the Netherlands anymore.
That's what this Rotterdammer says.
In 2002, remember, he was going to be prime minister.
He can't understand it.
White people, black people, Dutch people were sad, like broken.
Five months afterward, I was still talking to people that would spontaneously break down about it.
And they didn't even, they couldn't even see it for themselves.
I was the first person to say it in a cafe in the Netherlands in front of all these people.
You don't actually think that a fricking animal rights activist killed this guy when you guys are about to go into the Euro, do you?
Come on.
That's pretty convenient.
And they just, the table was silent.
PhD students and a couple professors were just like dumbfounded by the new American who just got off the plane, was having his first floutje of beer, and just said, dudes, come on, wake up.
Last week I had my last interview for the story and I was still talking about it.
About what?
Well, the only thing that can still go wrong is when you get shot in the head.
And he said, the whole country can be there for you, but you only have to be in the middle of nowhere.
20,000 people spontaneously did a march the next morning.
Some people were there crying for three hours
after they put their flowers down, they had to bring in tents so people could cool off and port-a-potties.
They had no idea this was gonna happen.
The Netherlands could have fallen apart in 2002, you know that?
The whole EU could have fallen apart in 2002 if the Netherlands would have decided not to do it.
Think about this.
Those are grown men crying on film, on TV.
This is a man we're not going to find again.
What do you think about his ideas?
And she's going to say I wasn't for his ideas.
But he didn't earn this.
Also at the Rotterdam City Hall it remains busy the whole week.
The condolence register is signed by about 70,000 people.
Pim Fortuyn is re-elected by the Rotterdam City Council on Wednesday.
In a special meeting, among other things, Ronald Soerissen speaks behind Fortuyn.
I just wanted to play this so you know some of this history.
So this is the day before the murder here.
Pim Fortijn, the grootste partij met around 38 commerce seats.
So he's probably going to be, Warschijnlijk is probably prime premier.
So he's going to be prime minister, I guess it's premier, in the 6th of May, and then he's dead.
So then the next day they say that the electorate was gonna give the keys to the cat house.
They almost gave the keys to the cat house to this guy.
As far as I can read that, that's like going from saying, yep, I guess he's gonna be prime minister to basically just making fun of the fact that he's dead.
It's remarkable.
In cold blood on the street.
And why?
It was because of the EU.
While Bobby is focused on ending the corporate capture of our regulatory agencies.
It was because that guy was going to lead the Netherlands out of the EU.
And one of his biggest campaign promises was that.
Now, on the flip side, you can be dominated by social media, where you don't need to kill anybody anymore.
You just need to make them invisible.
and show everybody everything that you want them to see to make their 39,000 thoughts a day almost useless to them.
And that's what they are doing, and they are putting the message on every side.
The Democrats want the data, Biden wanted the data, the Cancer Moonshot wanted the data, and now the Trump administration wants the data, and they have Bobby in there to say it.
And she would have said it with Bobby if she'd and Bobby would have gotten in.
So whichever way the lemmings want to run, it's always over the cliff that they already had prepared for us.
Because on either side of the track are people pushing us that way.
Because there aren't Democrats and Republicans, there's just a ruling elite that wears different hats.
And they can change their hats whenever they want to.
I am going to assemble the best technologists and scientists in the world and we will use the latest in AI and computation to examine the health records databases of our nation and those other nations who are also on a quest to solve chronic disease.
She says it right there.
They're going to make a database.
That's the whole plan.
Because these people were put in place, because this is an operation, and it's an ongoing one that started in the Clinton administration or earlier.
Maybe when we've had our first CIA director as president is when this all started, for all I know.
That seems the best to me.
George H.W.
Bush.
Right around the time that the Vaccine X was signed, right?
Right after Reagan.
See that?
Do you see that?
It's one continuous show.
And I was happy in 2000s to assume that the Bushes were bad.
Did I really think that the Clintons were good?
I guess I just didn't know.
And then George W. Bush, obviously bad.
Then Barack Obama, obviously good.
Then Donald Trump, obviously bad.
Then I guess Joe Biden was, he's just an old sweet guy, so he's obviously good.
He just likes smelling little girls' hair or something.
And then Donald Trump, obviously bad.
This is all one show.
All one continuous show where every single one of these people is interested in the same thing, bioweapons.
Why bioweapons?
Why genes?
Why genes, germs, and medicine?
I ask Josh Lederberg.
Because that's the whole frickin' plan.
That's the whole friggin' plan.
Since Hilary Koplowski and Herman Muller and Joshua Lederberg and Julian Huxley wrote this collective book, had that meeting.
It's been the plan.
And that's why Kevin McKernan is here now, why Robert Malone is here now.
They need people that are
that are intimately connected to this narrative in a way that they can't get out of.
Through their father, through Bob Gallo and Murray Gardner, through the anthrax vaccine, through NATO, through the 100,000 Genomes Project equivalent in the UK, from Gavi and Salbi, from MIT.
And so it's, you know, easy to believe it's Bill and Melinda Gates and the United Nations.
But then we don't connect Jeffrey Sachs to the United Nations.
We don't connect him to the World Health Organization.
We don't connect Robert Malone to the World Health Organization.
We don't connect Herod von den Bosch to the World Health Organization.
We don't connect Robert Malone to Merck anymore.
He's fine.
We don't connect anybody to Gabby, even though they work there.
We don't connect.
What is this?
It's because of social media.
It's because even though those connections exist, even though people like Mark Kulak can do program after program after program, and GigaOM Biological can do program after program after program, because of this, the impact that we have on everyone's 30,000 thoughts a day is almost nil.
And that's why I'm gonna say it every day, you gotta get off of social media, you gotta make your own social media, or they will continue to get away with this.
These people who understand the power of social media and understand the power of the programming.
And if you call it an algorithm, then it seems like nobody's responsible for it, when in reality, they are very responsible for it as a military program, and they are using it to control us.
More specifically, they have taken control of the conservative right, effectively neutered it, and used it to put their operative in the White House.
A continuous set of operatives, of puppets, that have been in the White House, as they have progressively taken control of the conservative narrative, and it ultimately has come to this health freedom nonsense, which will allow them to implode it all.
We're gonna beg for it to be imploded.
That's their plan.
and we're gonna fight each other about it.
And then they're gonna be able to say, see, they can't handle the truth.
Nobody is in this narrative by chance.
No one is in this narrative by chance.
This podcast will reveal no one is in this narrative by chance.
And yes, she does work with the, she is the number one co-author of Peter Hotez, that's her name, Sonia Ehrlich-Sacks, the wife of,
of Jeffrey Sachs, again, Jeffrey Sachs being the guy from Columbia and the UN and the Sustainable Goals and all that stuff.
So let's listen to this.
Whoa, oh, oh, oh, oh
I am going to have to cut it off early, though, because I do have to interview with Dan at 12.
So I got about, let's say, 20 minutes of this.
But that's all we're going to need, because by 20 minutes, you're just going to love it.
Hey, everybody.
I'm really delighted today to have an old friend.
To talk to us, Jeffrey Sachs is the director of the Center for Sustainable Development at Columbia University.
He's the president of the United Nations Sustainable Development Solutions Network.
He's the winner of the 2015 Blue Planet Prize, a bestselling author, and a chairman of the Lance's COVID-19 Commission.
The commission was announced, as I recall, I think in June of 2020 by Richard.
That's right.
and then you're joining the commission happened in November, 2020.
And you- So I'll just explain again what this means.
I believe that people like Bobby Kennedy and Jeffrey Sachs and all of these operatives that I've shown you on previous slides were put in place to make sure that the murder and lies would be misconstrued as a virus.
And the way that we would come to believe it
is that a mystery of a lab leak coverup would be solved on social media, that the truth would be let free on X, and that that's what the Scooby-Doo is.
It's a cartoon from my childhood where a group of teenagers drive into random towns and encounter some kind of mystery.
It's always a monster that ends up having their mask pulled off, and it's revealed to be some guy in the town that was in the show earlier.
The point is, is the monsters are never real and always the resolution of the story is that these pesky kids solved something and otherwise the bad guy would have gotten away with ripping off some business or stealing some artifact or whatever it is.
In this case, we're supposed to believe that Tony Fauci and Peter Daszak and the Wuhan lab and the Chinese government are all getting away
with covering up a lab leak that nobody wants to take responsibility for, that China don't want to take responsibility even though they did it, and Fauci doesn't want to take responsibility even though he funded it, and he funded it over in China with an agent because Obama made it illegal in America.
And that's why Tony Fauci and Rand Paul had an argument, and that's why Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and CHD put this book out and tried to get me to be one of the experts in it.
And had I gone for it and stayed on that narrative, I would probably be on Joe Rogan by now.
Instead, we have the traitor Kevin McKernan going on big podcasts saying it's Charles Rixey that helped with this book because I think that was probably the original plan.
To get me and Charles Rixey in there and then to promote Rixey and not me.
just like they do all the time with everybody else.
They put somebody in front of them to let STEM stand in front and the shoe salesman slash Marine would be the guy to do it.
That's why right now in 2025, Kevin McKernan is still telling that story because that lie is necessary to sustain this one, the lie about a lab leak, this one, the lie about a lab leak that the UN sustainable development guy from Columbia, the same university where Mary Holland comes from, is gonna convince this guy that it was really a lab leak and that he didn't understand at first, but he sure does now.
These people are liars, boy.
And so this guy can go on thinking that he's a crusader and he's about to become president and it's all gonna be on the back of a health freedom movement that has wrapped as much environmental toxicity and autism and electromagnetic radiation all into one big campaign bundle.
And he's the perfect guy to campaign on those things because he's built a track record of being all of those things.
And so here comes UN guy gonna give him the final story that he needs to finish his book.
2002.
Sorry, 22.
For the prestigious medical journal, 190 year old medical journal to determine the origins of COVID-19.
You hand selected, I think a number of them, of the commissioners or?
but most notoriously, Peter Dayzak, the president of EcoHealth Alliance.
And to be chairman of the task force, Dayzak was essentially forced to recuse himself in June of 2021.
And then you shut down the commission altogether in September of 2021.
And then you did something incredibly courageous,
which was to publish an article at PNAS, which has gotten a tremendous attention.
I'm sure you're getting a lot of both negative and positive blowback from that.
But essentially saying that your belief is that the best evidence is that the COVID-19 virus came from a Chinese lab
but that it was based upon US funded technology.
And I would have to agree with you on that, having done a lot of research on it myself.
But let's talk about how you got involved in it in the first place.
Were you approached by Richard Horton?
Yeah, so Bobby, great to be with you.
Really fun and an important topic.
A really fun and important topic, he says.
So the funny thing is, remember the video that I showed you with Peter Hotez?
The video I showed you with Peter Hotez and Charlie Rose that Mark used the tonic archive for us.
That video is from 2007 and now we're in 2022.
Just don't forget that, please.
Here we go.
Let me just fill out a few of the details and just correct a little bit of the detail on that.
Because to put it clearly, I'm chairing a commission for the Lancet called the Lancet COVID-19 Commission.
It's issuing its report in mid-September.
So the commission continues.
Within the commission, I established
It's a commission to find out what happened with the virus, but look at this graph behind me here, right?
The red that you see here over 2013, hopefully you can see my arrow, all the way to 2020, this red right here, see it behind me?
That red is deaths by pneumonia.
I am suggesting that they murdered people by treating pneumonia differently.
in 2020 and continuing to treat it differently until the end of 2021.
And then they started treating it the same again.
And that's why the numbers went right back to baseline.
The changes in the protocols were many, many, depending on where you were, what hospital you were in and what they told you to do.
It could be supplementary oxygen.
It could be a premature ventilation.
It could be over-ventilating.
It could be remdesivir.
It could be midazolam.
It could be not using antibiotics.
because it's a viral syndrome, and sticking to that like glue.
And that would be enough to create this signal, which shown on the background of all-cause mortality isn't that high.
especially when you realize that there was an anticipated rise in all cause mortality in the population pyramid built in that they knew was coming for decades.
And that's why this guy knew this was coming for decades.
This guy in 2007 was already pushing that narrative on Charlie Rose because they knew that in 20 years, there was going to be a signal from the population pyramid of a lot of old people dying.
And they could sculpt that using murder and lies
to create a mythology that would get the vast majority of the earth to permanently believe that intramuscular injection was medicine, when in fact it's not.
That's the whole story.
11 task forces.
So some were on how to respond to the pandemic.
Some were on the financial crisis that emerged around the pandemic.
Some were on other issues about public health.
But one of them, one of the task forces was about the origins.
And that's the task force where I asked Peter Daszak to chair and essentially to... Did you hear it?
He says it correctly.
Now, maybe he's just a UN guy, so he pronounces everybody's name correctly, but he said Dashek.
I've never said Dashek.
I've said Dashek my whole life.
Always say Dashek.
I never say Dashek.
He knows him.
You know, like Andrew Wakefield knows him.
Organize the task force.
So for each of these 11 task forces,
I designated a public health expert or diplomatic or financial expert and then gave them or requested of them, since this was all on volunteer time on everybody's part, to organize a group of international experts to work on this.
I was chair right from the beginning of the process, which was the middle of 2020, just as the pandemic was reaching the first half year.
And it was around that time, Richard Horton and I talked and thought that a commission would be a good idea.
By the way, not only to review all that happened, we didn't know how long this would last, but also to make some recommendations along the way.
of how to try to keep this under control, how to make sure that there was health equity for desperately poor people who needed access to medicines or hospitals or protection or face masks or whatever it is.
Richard Horton asked me to head this and to organize it.
The commission itself is
40 public policy leaders from around the world, former president of the UN General Assembly, former president in a European country, several scientists, many financial experts, and so on.
But for me and for us in our discussion today,
One part of this assignment was so where'd this come from.
And I can tell you with at the beginning of my engagement in this issue.
Well, even from the beginning of the pandemic itself I.
assumed this came out of nature the same way that SARS apparently came out of nature in 2003-2004.
In the case of SARS, best guess is that it... He's looking at a script right down here.
I mean, I see him looking down right over to this side.
So he's looking at a set of notes, a set of talking points for sure.
It really was an animal sold in a wet market in China.
that was carrying that virus.
MERS, which is another coronavirus, the Middle East Respiratory Syndrome, was carried by camel.
I assumed, okay, this is yet another one of these so-called zoonoses.
And I thought, who knows a lot about that?
I think the assumption should be that every time they tell you there was a zoonosis, they're releasing something.
and tracking where it goes and using the excuse of an outbreak to do so.
That's why they release really dangerous things like Ebola in Africa where they are fairly sure it's not going to hop on a plane.
They wouldn't spray Ebola into the subway to see how it worked.
Come on guys, this is too easy.
but the guy who's looking at these viruses in the wild, Peter Daszak.
So I asked him, well, you're around this, you know what's going on in China, why don't you establish the task force?
So it's interesting for me, I was not in any way on the lab leak side of things at the beginning.
In fact, I thought,
that doesn't sound right.
And so he's actually enacting the part of the person who was a sure sure it was natural and coming over to the lab leak side the actual scooby-doo objective.
The actual objective of the Scooby-Doo is to get everyone on both sides of the narrative to eventually accept that this possibility is real.
And even if it wasn't this time, it could be the next time.
That's all they need.
They don't need you to absolutely believe that COVID came from a lab.
They need you to believe that that possibility isn't ridiculous.
That's it.
That's the mythology of it.
And that's what his job is.
He's a very reasonable guy from the UN with a wonderful resume and a long time Columbia professor who's gonna reasonably, I used to think it was natural, but now that Peter Daszak has lied to me, I'm pretty sure it's probably not.
I remember explaining in a very learned way to a good friend of mine, no, no, no, that's not right.
This is a natural sometime in the spring of 2020.
So what we're talking about, Bobby, is my education also, because I... There would be no reason for him in the beginning of 2020 to know that it was natural.
There would be no reason at all.
So this story does not ring true from a guy who was on Charlie Rose talking about infectious diseases
almost 20 years before this to be saying that he was sure it was natural.
It's just absurd not to watch this story very close up by some of the principles involved in making the case that it's from nature, from the swan, which is the one that is featured in, say, the New York Times stories in the last few months about the scientists finding the origins and so forth.
And I can tell you that over
the period of two years, I was lied to so many times.
Dashik told me so many things that were not true.
It was the opposite of true.
So Dashik, the former co-author with Andrew Wakefield about measles in the gut.
The 60 Minutes featured zoonosis hunter.
lied to Jeffrey Sachs.
And so I went from thinking it was a natural virus to being pretty sure it's a lab leak.
You know, the same guy that Andrew Huff
who has a book with CHD and Children's Health Defense, a red book, which I don't have on my, somebody's gotta send me that book.
I don't have that book.
Andrew Huff told Robert Malone on a podcast that at some point in time, Peter Daszak asked him if joining the CIA would be a good idea.
That's just, that's just real.
That really happened.
Transparent.
I had to tell him, well, you can't head this task force.
And even later, soon after that, you can't even be on the commission.
So I didn't disband the commission, but I did take him off of the task force.
And then,
And it keeps coming, by the way.
The task force members were dishonest to me after I was completely clear with them.
I want to know what your potential conflicts of interest are.
Are you involved with EcoHealth Alliance, with Daschig?
Are you involved with Wuhan Institute of Virology?
Are you involved with NIH in a way that we should understand that there may be a potential conflict for you?
And Bobby, none of them told the truth.
Maybe that's not shocking, but it was surprising to me because
These are, some of them, people that I've known, I would say personal friends in some cases, for 20 years.
They absolutely did not tell the truth when I asked them clearly, explicitly.
So that was one part of the story, my growing, oh,
dismay, consternation, that something is really, really.
He's really having too much fun telling everybody that we're screwed because these people collectively lied to me about virology.
Think about this.
Wrong about this.
And then on the other side, as
those who follow this story, and you are certainly among the lead in that, the Freedom of Information Act and leaks one by one were demolishing the premises of the natural spillover.
The FOIA requests and the leaks
We're destroying this narrative.
The FOIA requests were so important.
The FOIA admissions.
You know, the same FOIA that Christine Massey apparently has proven beyond a shadow of a doubt that nobody's got SARS-CoV-2 anywhere.
They don't have it at all.
It's just a sequence.
Well, no kidding.
That's why they have to make infectious clones of it.
That's why they need to manufacture a synthetic DNA and send that around from a central location.
but none of those people have ever managed to figure it out because they're telling the same bullshit narrative that, that Sachs is telling, except his, his foyers were good.
Christine Massey's foyer is bad.
Story, but also revealing the
Utter.
Thank you, Christy, for mentioning that.
I tried to find the video of Kevin McCairn talking to Jeffrey Sachs.
I know exactly what day it happened because when I was invited to join that interview, I decided to go camping with my family instead.
It was almost like I thought they chose that weekend because they knew I couldn't do it.
Um, because I told them that I couldn't do that weekend already in the beginning of the week.
And they just went away, went and did it anyway.
And the him and Rick C had a, an apparently private zoom meeting that they couldn't record with Jeffrey Sachs that I missed out on, but you know, it's cool.
And there's no evidence of that in his stream record that I can find, but it definitely happened.
I know exactly what day it happened on too, because.
Something, you know, happened in my family that I can put pictures with.
transparency and misdirection that the U.S.
government was leading basically from the start, so we were not hearing the truth.
Again, why am I surprised?
But it's dismaying to see it come out step by step in this way.
And what is absolutely clear to me is that there are
two viable hypotheses about the origin of this.
See what I meant?
You don't have to believe that this virus came from a lab.
You just have to accept that that is a possibility that's worth considering, and maybe worth considering banning.
You know, like, gaiter function should be banned.
That's exactly what's happening here.
It is a mythology, and you buy into it hook, line, and sinker when you say, ban gaiter function.
And one of them is out of a lab and there's nothing outlandish about it at all.
And in fact, like you said, I think it's the odds on explanation.
I don't speak for those
whole commission in that regard.
What the commission sees is that there are two viable explanations.
But I can tell you two years into this, with all the deceit, deception, lying that I've seen, the scientists on the guanan market side vastly overstating or misdirecting the gaze and the absolute absurd
He's laughing way too much if millions of people are dying from this.
He's laughing way too much if it's a world crisis.
He's laughing way too much if so many people don't respect him and are just lying to him, even though he's the big Jeffrey Sachs.
It's just absurd.
And you might not have been able to see it, like I couldn't see it in 2022, but you damn well better be able to see it now or your kids are in big trouble.
sad, worrisome, frightening unwillingness of the US government starting with NIH to look closely at the lab hypothesis.
It's really very telling.
So that's just how's the NIH supposed to look at that?
I don't get that at all.
That's weird.
the scene.
I started on the other side, but I watched very closely.
And like all of us, I've been an avid reader of the drip, drip, drip of information that has been pried out of the hands of NIH, because they're pried out of the hands of NIH, as opposed to leaked in a very controlled manner through very controlled people at a very controlled rate, so that the mythology would make sense to everybody.
You don't want to go too fast.
Come on, guys, please tell me you can see this.
They're not talking.
They're not forthcoming.
They're not being honest.
Fauci's not telling it like it is.
By drip, the story's coming out, and it's a very worrisome one.
You know, my approach to this was different than yours because I approach with this enormous skepticism that I've cultivated that basically has grown unwillingly in me since 2005.
So I'm watching Fauci very carefully.
Watching Fauci very carefully since 2005.
Can you hear the narrative?
Who's the bad guy?
Who's the bad guy in the Scooby-Doo mystery?
Watching the journals and how they've devolved.
And in fact, in 2004, Richard Horton made the statement that the scientific journals, particularly the Lancet, had devolved into propaganda vessels for the pharmaceutical industry.
And Marsha Engel
at the same time publish her book, who's a long time publisher of the New England Journal of Medicine, basically saying there's nothing in the journals that you can believe anymore.
So much of our revenue comes from pharma.
And now the Lancet is owned by Alisavir, which is a very, very wealthy company that's getting, basically pharma is its partner, and China.
And throughout the pandemic, we watched Horton do all of these kind of underhanded things where he had to retract articles.
They published the article on Remdesivir that allowed them, even the World Health Organization was saying, this stuff is poison, it doesn't work, it has no efficacy.
He published the article for Fauci that allowed Fauci to then go get approval for this very, very deadly drug.
He did, he had to do the, um, uh, the retraction on the circus ear studies.
Uh, he tried to discredit hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin and any kind of early treatment.
I so admire your integrity on this issue and your willingness to publicly change your mind.
Oh, he's got the integrity to publicly change his mind, does he?
What about you, Bobby?
You got the public integrity to change your mind publicly and admit that I told you and taught you the reality at the end of this book, that they didn't need a virus, that they could put this sequence anywhere they wanted to find it because that's all they have is the ability to make DNA and RNA.
They can make it fairly pure.
They can make as much as they want and they can put it in places.
And that's all virology is.
It's just an elaborate hoax based on the rudimentary technologies provided to us by the Human Genome Project that have been made cheaper and cheaper.
That's it.
It's in the book, though.
It's just not the theme of the book.
It's in the book because I'm in the book.
Because they couldn't not put me in the book because they had all their eggs in the idea that I would stay in the book instead of say that the book is bullshit and say that CHD is bullshit.
which is what I'm saying.
Because it's a fake anti-vax movement, just like it was a fake pandemic, just like 9-11 was not real.
It's all one malevolent show to invert our sovereignty into experimental animal status.
And they're all in on it.
It's one big show.
Basically, the left, the DNC, this neocons have been in charge for decades now.
Eight presidents or something like that.
which is, you know, so admirable.
My father's, one of his favorite quotes was from Aspless, which was, you know, the only, it's not a crime to make a mistake.
Essentially the only crime is not admitting that.
Not admitting that you made a mistake.
Bobby, you need to admit before you die that you made a mistake selling out America and not just saying that intramuscular injection is dumb back when Brandy explained it to you.
Around 2017, you could have said it.
In the movie Vaxxed, you guys could have said it.
Any time in the last 10 years, you and Mary Holland could have said it on stage.
Not there's no safe vaccine.
That doesn't cut it.
Not that vaccines should be a choice or that religious exemptions are worth, none of these things cut it.
After 15 years of trying to lead this movement,
You've been leading this movement for your own purposes.
That's it.
And it is very, very well described in this book.
You did it.
You know, the Great Sin is Pride.
And that gets us in so much trouble when people are unwilling to change their minds.
So I know that most people.
The Scooby-Doo link on my website is the website where the place on my website, where I admit freely that I was fooled by a lot of people.
And I'm still trying to figure out who knew they were fooling me and who was just doing it for money or because they were told to, or because they also trusted the same liars that I trusted.
I think that this man is probably the victim of one of the greatest Truman shows ever executed in modern history.
I think he's been meddled with since his dad and his uncle were murdered.
And they have been using him as a political pawn, positioning him to be where he is right now.
And it's people like Jeffrey Sachs and Robert Malone and Merrill Nass and Mary Holland that have done it.
And if he's not sophisticated enough to see it because he's too busy doing push-ups and swinging from chains, I don't know what to tell you.
He's not who he says he was.
Who come from your and my background.
They have put these people in place and they have gotten us to believe anything.
I'm particularly interested in what they got us to believe with regard to the rise in expected deaths and that there was just a novel virus and not murder and lies.
I'm very interested in how they convinced this guy to do it.
I'm very interested to understand whether he could still be freed from this Truman Show, brought to understand that he was used, that his ego was used, that his desire to be in office was used, that he was manipulated by the Clintons.
and by these other organizations, the DNC.
I mean, one of the biggest private donors to the DNC before the pandemic was Steve Kirsch, and now he's behind him too.
That's not by accident.
One of the most prominent and outspoken praisers of Peter Hotez was Robert Malone and his wife, Jill Glasspool Malone at the beginning of the pandemic.
Ladies and gentlemen, it's all one malevolent show.
And it's all one malevolent show to cover up murder and lies in America that were used around the world to pretend that RNA can pandemic, that there was something happening.
America and the death in America was used to justify the lockdowns around the rest of the world.
And all of these organizations that have popped up as a result of COVID are all, all sabotaged.
They all have at their heart, somebody that is attached directly to Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan is on that script either given to them or contributed to it.
I was born in 1998 and virtually every vaccine that he received that could have samarasol, samarasol is the mercury containing organic preservative that they used.
in vaccines and still use in some instances, but he had a very, very high dose of thimerosal in his infant vaccines.
And then he basically reached a toxic tipping point at about 15 months and regressed into a condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
That's Brian Hooker back when he used to say it right.
That's Brian Hooker back when he knew that intramuscular injection was just stupid.
And now, Brian Hooker, with the help of Robert Malone and Merrill Nass and Mary Holland and Robert F. Kennedy Jr., has assisted in making PCR the standard diagnostic around the world when it's bullshit.
But it does establish a wonderful remnant stream for the Human Genome Project to start collecting the data that they've always told us they needed.
And this team worst case scenario, all these people were put in place to make sure that that happened.
And of course they get their book deals for it.
Of course they get their little care homes and they get their $250,000 a year salary and they get all their travel paid for free by the nonprofits that they are fellows from.
Of course, that's true.
Lots of benefits.
You can go surfing whenever you want to now.
We can think our way out of this, ladies and gentlemen.
We just got to learn the biology that they lied about.
We just have to understand the population pyramid and the signal that they knew was coming and how little murder would be required in order to sculpt it into something else.
We need to understand that there's people that we can blame for this.
There are people that are connected intimately to the founding of the FDA and this legal space that they are now trying to destroy, along with the rest of anything that was good in America.
There are a lot of things keeping- That's the reason why Health and Human Services Secretary Bobby Kennedy was on this salesman's show.
That's why he has behind him somebody who was on the cover of a newspaper saying her son was cured by something that Andrew Wakefield injected in him and then recycled the whole thing in America a few years later.
Oh no, wait, he's not cured.
I still have an autistic kid, totally.
Totally, I do.
I totally still have an autistic kid.
And behind Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is Andrew Wakefield, Polly, Tommy, and all these people.
And behind this guy's appointment are the same people.
He's a puppet.
I've had lots of conversations with him.
This guy is way in way, way, way over his head.
That's why when he was on my podcast before he knew what they had plans for him, that he was so, so easily saying, well, you're the biologist, Jay.
You're the biologist, Jay.
You're the biologist.
I defer to you, Jay.
That's why he's on Blaze.
On Blaze.
He's going where he's told to go.
He's not saying to his secretary, I want to be on NBC News and get this out to the masses.
I want to be on NBC News and tell everybody the truth.
He's going where he's told because he's just a guy in a mouse suit at Chuck E. Cheese.
And that's what they've done to Bobby too, standing behind Donald Trump like some kind of mannequin.
Ladies and gentlemen, murder and lies, you can figure it out.
The opioid crisis, you can figure it out.
These are all slave speak.
All these mythologies need to be dismissed, dispelled.
You have to get rid of all of them because they're all mythologies.
Intramuscular injection is just dumb.
You don't need to use the word vaccine.
That's part of their trap.
Autism is another one of those enchantments.
That word, once you start using it, you're already trapped.
Once you start using the word vaccine, you're already trapped.
Intramuscular injection is dumb and autism complicates that idea.
Autism is a never, an endless basket of bullshit.
Virology is just applications using synthetic DNA and RNA.
And once you understand that, you can see why the no virus people are so full of crap.
And all of these are dependent on you not understanding the definition of these words and not understanding the definition of these concepts.
And instead accepting the definition of the words as they define them, and then trying to argue your way out of it.
That will never work, especially not on social media.
Thank you very much for being here, ladies and gentlemen, and I will definitely see you tomorrow.
Tomorrow I'll be here again.
Thanks.
Please share the stream everywhere you can, ladies and gentlemen.
We are really dependent on new people finding the stream so we can get new subscribers and make this a sustainable operation instead of something running on the fumes of credit cards and the fumes of a few donations.
I know it sounds like whining, but I believe this is what we need to do together.
I think we have the best show on the internet, dammit, and more people need to watch it.